Create 2025-04-24-content.md (#5316)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-cse/2025-04-24-content.md

---
title: April 24, 2025 - Content Release
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - log mappers
  - parsers
  - rules
hide_table_of_contents: true    
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> This Content Release Includes:
> - Fixes for Threat Intelligence rules to correct match expression syntax for hash and HTTP referer
> - Parsing and mapping updates for Microsoft Office 365 to improve target user visiblity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This content release includes:
- Fixes for Threat Intelligence rules to correct match expression syntax for hash and HTTP referrer.
- Parsing and mapping updates for Microsoft Office 365 to improve target user visibility.
```

## Rules

> - [Updated] MATCH-S01009 Threat Intel - HTTP Referer
> - [Updated] MATCH-S01012 Threat Intel - HTTP Referer Root Domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Updated] MATCH-S01009 Threat Intel - HTTP Referrer
- [Updated] MATCH-S01012 Threat Intel - HTTP Referrer Root Domain
```
